Add guidelines for artifacts (#1029)
opencontainers/image-spec: manifest.md

        If the manifest uses a different media type than the above, it MUST comply with [RFC 6838][rfc6838], including the [naming requirements in its section 4.2][rfc6838-s4.2], and MAY be registered with [IANA][iana].

        See [#GuidelinesForArtifactUsage] for other uses of the `config.mediaType` field.

- **`layers`** *array of objects*

    Each item in the array MUST be a [descriptor](descriptor.md).
    The array MUST have at least one entry.

>     When the `config.mediaType` is set to `application/vnd.oci.image.config.v1+json`, the following additional restrictions apply:

Reviewer: Do these restrictions also apply to legacy data types?

Do they not apply to artifact types?

I'm confused by this language in light of #1025, is the goal to describe what registries have already implemented, or is the goal of the specification to advance the industry by defining new benchmarks for registries to meet to reach OCI conformance?

Author: From the fact finding, the content of the layer wasn't important to the registry, other than being non-zero and having at least one layer. This moves the verbiage around the structure of the layers, which is a client side concern, to only apply for the image.config types of images. That allows artifacts to structure their layers specific to their artifact type, any content in any order that the artifact defines in their own spec outside of OCI.

        If the manifest uses a different media type than the above, it MUST comply with [RFC 6838][rfc6838], including the [naming requirements in its section 4.2][rfc6838-s4.2], and MAY be registered with [IANA][iana].

>         See [#GuidelinesForArtifactUsage] for other uses of the `config.mediaType` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        See [Guidelines for Artifact Usage](#guidelines-for-artifact-usage) for other uses of the `config.mediaType` field.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

        If the manifest uses a different media type than the above, it MUST comply with [RFC 6838][rfc6838], including the [naming requirements in its section 4.2][rfc6838-s4.2], and MAY be registered with [IANA][iana].

>         See [#GuidelinesForArtifactUsage] for other uses of the `layers`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        See [Guidelines for Artifact Usage](#guidelines-for-artifact-usage) for other uses of the `layers`.
```

}
```

## Guidelines for Artifact Usage

Content other than OCI container images MAY be packaged using the image manifest.
When this is done, the `config.mediaType` value MUST be set to a value specific to the artifact type.
For portability, if the artifact does not have a content for the config blob, an empty json object, `{}`, SHOULD be pushed for the blob content.
If the artifact does not need layers, a single layer SHOULD be included with a non-zero size.

> The suggested content for an unused layer is the empty json object, `{}`.

Reviewer 3: Can't we just use "" (0 byte) ?

Author: I wanted to, but #1025 found compatibility issues in the "zero layer" manifest.

      "size": 1234
    }
  ]
}
```

Here is an example manifest for a simple artifact without content in the config, using the scratch descriptor:

```json,title=Artifact%20without%20config&mediatype=application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1%2Bjson
{
  "schemaVersion": 2,
  "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
  "config": {
    "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type+oci",
    "digest": "sha256:44136fa355b3678a1146ad16f7e8649e94fb4fc21fe77e8310c060f61caaff8a",
    "size": 2
  },
  "layers": [
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type",
      "digest": "sha256:e258d248fda94c63753607f7c4494ee0fcbe92f1a76bfdac795c9d84101eb317",
      "size": 1234
    }
  ]
}
```

Here is an example minimal manifest for an artifact, with the content of both blobs set to the scratch descriptor:

```json,title=Minimal%20artifact&mediatype=application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1%2Bjson
{
  "schemaVersion": 2,
  "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
  "config": {
    "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type+oci",
    "digest": "sha256:44136fa355b3678a1146ad16f7e8649e94fb4fc21fe77e8310c060f61caaff8a",
    "size": 2
  },
  "layers": [
    {

>       "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type+oci",

Reviewer 4: Setting the mediaType of the ScratchData layer to the same as the config blob here is acceptable. And people can argue about whether or not the content really is that media type, it kind of depends on what that mediaType's spec says.

But as this layer mediaType is not expected to be used to drive any sort of behaviour, unlike the config mediaType, why not use `applcation/octet-stream`, because when is something not an octet stream?

      "digest": "sha256:44136fa355b3678a1146ad16f7e8649e94fb4fc21fe77e8310c060f61caaff8a",
      "size": 2
    }
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer 4: For completeness, should this example have some annotations? It's entirely compliant as is, just a little weird that someone would want to store an artifact where the only unique information is the mediaType, "the one vnd.example+type+oci".

  "config": {
    "mediaType": "application/vnd.example.config.v1+json",
    "digest": "sha256:5891b5b522d5df086d0ff0b110fbd9d21bb4fc7163af34d08286a2e846f6be03",
    "size": 123
  },
  "layers": [
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.example.data.v1.tar+gzip",
      "digest": "sha256:e258d248fda94c63753607f7c4494ee0fcbe92f1a76bfdac795c9d84101eb317",
      "size": 1234
    }
  ]
}
```

Here is an example manifest for a simple artifact without content in the config:

```jsonc
{
  "schemaVersion": 2,
  "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
  "config": {
    "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type",
    "digest": "sha256:44136fa355b3678a1146ad16f7e8649e94fb4fc21fe77e8310c060f61caaff8a",
    "size": 2
  },
  "layers": [
    {
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type",
      "digest": "sha256:e258d248fda94c63753607f7c4494ee0fcbe92f1a76bfdac795c9d84101eb317",
      "size": 1234
    }
  ]
}
```

Here is an example minimal manifest for an artifact, with the content of both blobs set to `{}`:

```jsonc
{
  "schemaVersion": 2,
  "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",
  "config": {

>     "mediaType": "application/vnd.example+type",

Reviewer 5: `+oci` was agreed in the meeting. Please update the example to reflect guidance for single blob artifacts that want to represent the artifactType to align with the mediaType.

Reviewer 5: /cc @vbatts

Author: I'd updated with the requested changes.
